The Angular docs tell us that NgModules are
used in order to help us organize our application
into cohesive blocks of functionality.
So lets explore exactly what they mean by
that.
Recall that when we created our application,
one of the first things we did was add an
app.module.ts file that looks like this.
Our AppModule file is going to contain all
of the sitewide modules, components, pipes
and services that we use in our application.
In order to use each one of these modules,
we first need to import them.
We’ve currently imported the first 3 modules
we’ll be using.
NgModule is added so we can use it as a decorator
below.
BrowserModule is added so we can run our app
in the browser.
And AppComponent is added as the Root Component
of our application.
As we progress in this course we’ll be adding
more components and Modules to this file such
as FormsModule and RouterModule.
Below that we see our first use of a Typescript
Decorator.
Decorators are functions that add extra meta
data to the class below.
They always begin with an at symbol then the
name of the decorator.
In this case our Decorator is named NgModule
and it will provide information to the class
below which is named AppModule.
Notice that our Decorator starts with parenthesis
indicating that it is a function.
Then inside the parenthesis we’re also including
curly brackets indicating that we’re passing
it an object.
The object we define contains key/value pairs
just like any other commonly used objects
in which we can define certain attributes.
The imports key will contain all the Angular
libraries used in our application.
So far we’ve only added the BrowserModule
but soon we’ll be adding the FormsModule
and RouterModule to this list.
Below that we have declarations.
This will include all the components, directives
and pipes we intend to use.
And below that we have the bootstrap key which
tells our application what our Root Component
is when first initializing our application.
All of this decorator meta data is then passed
into our class called AppModule, which can
then be exported and used inside other files.